.TH PILOT-LINK 7 "3Com Pilot Tools" "FSF" \" -*- nroff -*-
.SH NAME
pilot-link \- a suite of tools for communicating with 3Com Pilots
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B pilot-link
suite of tools are generally conduits for moving information to and from
3Com Pilots.
.SH TARGET DEVICE
Most (all?) of the
.B pilot-link
programs default to
.B /dev/pilot
as the serial device used to communicate with a Pilot.
In general, if the environment variable
.B PILOTPORT
is set, its value will override the default.
A serial device specified on the command-line will be used regardless of any
PILOTPORT setting.
.PP
The default connection rate is 9600 baud.
You are welcome to try higher baud rates (19200, 38400, or 57600) by setting the
.B PILOTRATE
environment variable, but various machines have various limitations.
(Be careful about 38400 on a Linux box if you've been using setserial to change
the multiplier.)
.SH USAGE
Here is a list of programs from the
.B pilot-link
README file:
.TP
addresses: dump Pilot address book into generic format
.TP
debugsh: command-line interface to Pilot debug monitor
.TP
dlpsh: command-line interface to Pilot HotSync protocol
.TP
getrom: program to fetch ROM using getrom.prc or getrom2.prc
.TP
getrom.prc:  Pilot program to help dump a 512K ROM
.TP
getrom2.prc: Pilot program to help dump a 1024K ROM (used for PalmOS 2.x)
.TP
ietf2datebook: convert IETF calendar to format used by install-datebook
.TP
install-datebook: import datebook records from a text format into Pilot
.TP
install-memo: import memo records from a text format into Pilot
.TP
install-todos: import todo records from a text format into Pilot
.TP
install-user: modify user name settings (and report lots of into) about Pilot
.TP
memos: export memos from Pilot in mailbox format
.TP
pi-csd: must be running to accept Network HotSync(tm) connects
.TP
pi-getram: program that retrieves RAM from Pilot
.TP
pi-getrom: program that retrieves ROM from Pilot (without getrom.prc)
.TP
pi-nredir: program that accepts connections and redirects them via the Network
HotSync(tm) protocol
.TP
pi-port: experimental program to separate serial layer from pilot-link
.TP
pilot-addresses: import and export address book
.TP
pilot-clip: experimental program to import and export data from Pilot clipboard
.TP
pilot-debug: graphical and command-line program to interface with Pilot debug
monitor
.TP
pilot-dedupe: strips duplicate records from Pilot databases
.TP
pilot-file: disect .prc and .pdb files
.TP
pilot-mail: import mail from POP3 mailbox into Pilot Pro's Mail application,
and send mail via sendmail 
.TP
pilot-schlep: store a single file on the Pilot
.TP
pilot-undelete: turn archived records into normal records
.TP
pilot-xfer: back up, restore, install & delete Pilot databases (This is a
very useful program)
.TP
read-expenses: export Pilot Pro expense database into text format
.TP
read-ical: export Pilot datebook and todo databases into an Ical calendar
(ical is required)
.TP
read-todos: export Pilot todo database into generic text format
.TP
reminders: export Pilot datebook into a 'remind' data file
.TP
sync-plan: completely synchronize the Pilot datebook with the Plan calendar
via netplan                                               
.SH USAGE II
These programs are not intended for end-users.
Perhaps they should be documented elsewhere.
.TP
ccexample: test program demonstrating C++ interface
.TP
iambicexample: test program demonstrating C++ interface
.TP
validate: experimental program to test C++ features    
.SH OBTAINING
The  most  current  version of the
.I pilot-link
suite of tools can be found at the following FTP site:
.RS
ftp://ryeham.ee.ryerson.ca/pub/PalmOS/
.RE
.SH MAILING LIST
The pilot-unix mailing list is maintained by Matthew Cravit. Its mandate is: 
.RS
The pilot-unix mailing list is for discussion and idea-sharing for those
interested in using the US Robotics Pilot PDAs with UNIX systems. This
includes people who are interested in helping to develop tools to allow the
Pilot to operate with UNIX, and possibly to develop an SDK for the Pilot
for Unix.
.RE
.PP
For more information, including how to subscribe to the list, send mail
containing the word ``INFO'' to
.IR pilot-unix-request@lists.best.com .
The subject line does not matter. 
.SH SEE ALSO
.\"
.\" Please list all pilot-link manual pages here, in alphabetic order.
.\"
.BR dlpsh(1) ,
.BR ietf2datebook(1) ,
.BR install-datebook(1) ,
.BR install-memo(1) ,
.BR install-user(1) ,
.BR pilot-xfer(1) ,
.BR read-ical(1) ,
.IR Pilot-HOWTO (http://www.orbits.com/Pilot/Pilot-HOWTO.html).
.SH AUTHOR
Most of the
.B pilot-link
tools were written by Kenneth Albanowski.
This manual page was written by David H. Silber, generally from the information
in the
.B pilot-link
README file by Kenneth Albanowski.
