.TH install-datebook 1 "Palm Computing Device Tools" "Free Software Foundation" \" -*- nroff -*-

.SH NAME
.B install-datebook 
\- installs a new datebook entries onto your Palm handheld device

.SH SYNOPSIS
For serial devices, the -p <port> option is required, or you may use the
$PILOTPORT environment variable:
.br
.B install-datebook -p /dev/ttySX filename [filename filename ...] 
.LP
For USB devices, the new USB port specification is:
.br
.B install-datebook -p usb:/dev/ttyUSBX filename [filename filename ...]
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B install-datebook
allows the user to write one or more datebook entries from one or more
source files. Once
.B install-datebook
is started, the user must invoke HotSync on the target device by pressing
the HotSync button on the cradle or by tapping on the HotSync icon in the
Palm launcher.
.LP
The format of the source file contains one datebook entry on line,
containing four tab separated fields. The fields are start date/time, end
date/time, alarm settings, and the description of datebook entry. This
program doesn't yet support repeted entries. The date and time must be in
format understand by parsedate.y. At the very least, the following two
formats are understood:
.LP
August 11, 1997 0800 GMT+300
.br
1997/08/11 08:22:33 GMT+300
.LP
If either one of the date and time fields is empty, the entry is installed
without time. If the alarm field is empty, the entry is installed without
setting any alarms. The alarm field can contain numbers followed by "m"
(minutes), "h" (hours), or "d" (days).
.br
Here are some example lines ("<TAB>" = tab, "<NL>" = newline in these
examples):
.LP
-> 1997/08/11 0800 GMT+300 <TAB> 1997/08/11 0900 GMT+300 <TAB> <TAB> IETF
Registration <NL>
.LP
-> August 11, 1997 0900 GMT+300 <TAB> August 11, 1997 0930 GMT+300 <TAB>
2m <TAB> Introductions <NL>

.SS OPTIONS
none

.SH USAGE
The program will connect to the target Palm device, and write the
datebook-formatted file given on the command line onto the Palm into the
DatebookDB.pdb file.

.SH KNOWN BUGS
If no timezone is given,
.B install-datebook
will assume the time is in GMT and it will convert it to localtime. If you
don't want to write timezone entries to all begin and end times, set the TZ
environment variable to GMT before running this program.

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs at
.I http://bugs.pilot-link.org/

.SH AUTHOR
.B install-datebook
was written by Tero Kivinen <\fIkivinen@iki.fi\fP>. This program was based on
install-todos program written by Robert A. Kaplan <\fIkaplan@openmarket.com\fP>.

.SH SEE ALSO
.br read-ical (1),
.br pilot-xfer (1),
.br ietf2datebook (1).
