.TH install-expenses 1 "Palm Computing Device Tools" "Free Software Foundation" \" -*- nroff -*-

.SH NAME
.B install-expenses
\- Connect to the Palm handheld device and install an expense record from 
various parameters and arguments passed at sync time.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B install-expenses
[-qrt] [-c category] -p <port> file [file]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B install-expenses
allows a Palm handheld with the Expense application to have expense records
synchronized to it from the commandline. You can pass any of the fields
(except categories, currently) to
.B install-expenses
and create new expense records.

.SS OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-p\ \--port\  <port>\,
Use device file 
.I port
to communicate with the Palm handheld device. If this is not specified, will
look for the $PILOTPORT environment variable. If both are not found, will
fall back to /dev/pilot.

.TP
.BI \-h\ \--help\,
Display help synopsis for 
.B install-expenses

.TP
.BI \-v\ \--version\,
Display version of
.B install-expenses

.TP
.BI \-t\ \--ttype\ <ttype>,
Add entries to the Payment Type field. These can be in the form of Cash,
Check, and other. See the Expense application on your Palm device for full
details.

.TP
.BI \-e\ --etype\  <etype>\,
Add entries to the Expense Type field. These can be in the form of Airfare,
Meals, and others. See the Expense application on your Palm device for full
details.

.TP
.BI \-a\ --amount\  <amount>\,
Add dollar amount entries to the Amount field. These can be in the form of
1.00 or "$10.00" and so on. See the Expense application on your Palm device
for full details.

.TP
.BI \-V\ --vendor\  <vendor>\,
Add entries to the Vendor field. These are free-form values, and can be the
name of the restaurant, airline, or any other text value you wish. See the
Expense application on your Palm device for full details.

.TP
.BI \-g\ --guests\  <num>\,
Add the number of attendees to the expense record. 

.TP
.BI \-i\ --city\  [city]\,
Add entries to the City field in the expense record. These are free-form
values, and can be the name of the Location, City, or Town that the expense
record occured in. See the Expense application on your Palm device for full
details.

.TP
.BI \-n\ --note\  <note>\,
Add a note entry to the expense record. These are free-form values, and can
be some notes related to the expense entry. See the Expense application on
your Palm device for full details.

.TP
.BI \-c\ --category\  <category>\,
Create entries into the named category defined here. See the Expense
application on your Palm device for full details.

.TP
.BI \-r\ --replace\  <category>\,
Replace entry found in the named category.

.SH USAGE
The program will connect to the target Palm handheld device, and install 
entries into the Expense application based on values passed to
.B install-expenses
as arguments.

.SH KNOWN BUGS
.B install-expenses
has no known bugs.

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs at
.I http://bugs.pilot-link.org/

.SH AUTHOR
.B install-expenses
was written by community authors, original author unknown.
