.TH PILOT-XFER 1 "3Com Pilot Tools" "FSF" \" -*- nroff -*-
.SH NAME
pilot-xfer \- backup and restore databases to and from a 3Com Pilot
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pilot-xfer
.RI [ serial-device ]
.RB [ --exclude
.IR file ]
.B --backup
|
.B --update
|
.B --sync
.I directory
.PP
or
.PP
.B pilot-xfer
.RI [ serial-device ]
[
.BI --restore\  directory
|
.B --list
|
.B --purge
|
.B --fetch
.IR dbname\  ...
|
.B --delete
.IR dbname\  ...
|
.B --install
.IR file\  ...
|
.B --merge
.IR file\  ...
] ...
.PP
(Note that short option aliases are excluded for clarity.)
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" This manual page
.\" documents the application
.\" .BR pilot-xfer .
.B pilot-xfer
allows the user to install databases contained in the standard .prc and .pdb
formats into a Pilot, retrieve databases from a Pilot, list the databases
contained in a Pilot, and backup or restore all of the databases at once.
Once the user has executed
.B pilot-xfer
the user must invoke HotSync on the target device.
.SH TARGET DEVICE
The default serial device used to communicate with a Pilot is
.BR /dev/pilot .
If the environment variable
.B PILOTPORT
is set, its value will override the default.
A serial device specified on the command-line will be used regardless of any
PILOTPORT setting.
.SH OPTIONS
Several options exist, including
.TP
.BI \-b\  dir ,\ \-\-backup\  dir
Backs up the Pilot into the
specified directory (which will be created if it does not already exist).
This operation must be specified
.I after
any
.B exclude
option.
.TP
.BI \-d\  dbname\  [...],\ \-\-delete\  dbname\  [...]
Delete the specified database(s).  Obviously, be careful with this one.
.TP
.BI \-e\ file ,\ \-\-exclude\   file
Reads a list of databases from
.IR file .
Prevents
.BR backup ,
.BR sync ,
or
.B update
from operating on the listed database(s).
This option must be specified before the
.BR backup ,
.BR sync ,
or
.B update
operation whose action it modifies.
.TP
.BI \-f\  dbname\  [...],\ \-\-fetch\  dbname\  [...]
Fetch each specified database out of the Pilot into the current directory.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Displays a reminder list of 
.IR pilot-xfer 's
usage and exits.
.TP
.BI \-i\  file\  [...],\ \-\-install\  file\ [...]
Install each specified file into the Pilot.
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-list
List the databases in the Pilot.
.TP
.BI \-m\  file\  [...],\ \-\-merge\  file\  [...]
Adds the records in each specified file into the corresponding Pilot database.
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-purge
Purge any deleted data that hasn't been cleaned up by a sync (this is a safe
operation, and will prevent your Pilot from accumulating crud if you delete
records but aren't syncing with the PIM.
The only information you can lose is archived but un-synced records.)
.TP
.BI \-r\  dir ,\ \-\-restore\  dir
Installs all files contained in a directory into the Pilot.
(Use this to restore your Pilot after a hard reset has cleared its memory.)
.TP
.BI \-s\  dir ,\ \-\-sync\  dir
Backs up the Pilot into the
specified directory (which will be created if it does not already exist).
Any Pilot databases which have not been modified or created since the versions
stored in the specified directory will not be backed up.
Any Pilot databases which have been deleted will have their corresponding backup
file removed.
This operation must be specified
.I after
any
.B exclude
option.
.TP
.BI \-u\  dir ,\ \-\-update\  dir
Backs up the Pilot into the
specified directory (which will be created if it does not already exist).
Any Pilot databases which have not been modified or created since the versions
stored in the specified directory will not be backed up.
This operation must be specified
.I after
any
.B exclude
option.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Displays the version of
.I pilot-link
from which this program was installed and exits.
.SH USAGE
The program will connect to a target, prompt the user to HotSync,
and perform the requested database options.
.SH EXAMPLES
To backup a Pilot:
.RS
pilot-xfer --backup /home/pilot/Backup
.RE
To restore that backup to a non-standard serial port (for example, to a
xcopilot):
.RS
pilot-xfer /dev/ttyqe --restore /home/pilot/Backup
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pilot-link(7) .
.SH AUTHOR
.B pilot-xfer
was written by Kenneth Albanowski.
This manual page was written by (Kenneth Albanowski?) and David H. Silber.
