.TH read-ical 1 "Palm Computing Device Tools" "Free Software Foundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.SH NAME
.B read-ical 
\- coverts information on your Palm handheld device into an Ical-formatted
calendar

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B read-ical 
\-p <port> [
.IR filename
]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents the small application
.BR read-ical .
.B read-ical
allows the user to retrieve the contents of the ToDo and Datebook databases
on a Palm handheld device, and convert their contents to an Ical calendar.

Note that the calendar file named by
.B filename
will be deleted, so do not use your main calendar. Instead, use
a separate one for this purpose, and include it in your main
calendar.

As 
.B read-ical 
works by passing a script to ical, the ical application must be in your path.

.SS OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-p\ \--port\  <port> ,
Use device file
.I port
to communicate with the Palm handheld device. If this is not specified, will
look for the $PILOTPORT environment variable. If both are not found, will
fall back to /dev/pilot.
   
.TP
.BI \-h\ \--help\,   
Display help synopsis for
.B install-user

.TP
.BI \-v\ \--version\,
Display version of
.B install-user

.TP 
.BI filename
This is the file to output the ical-formatted data to.

.SH USAGE
The program will connect to a target device, retrieve the ToDo and Datebook 
databases (ToDoDB.pdb and DatebookDB.pdb respectively), then instruct
.B ical
to write a calendar file based on the retrieved information.

.SH KNOWN BUGS
.BR read-ical
has no known bugs.

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs at
.I http://bugs.pilot-link.org/

.SH AUTHOR
.B read-ical
was written by Kenneth Albanowski

