.TH READ-PALMPIX 1 "Palm Computing Device Tools" "FSF" \" -*- nroff -*-

.SH NAME
.B read-palmpix 
\- Convert all pictures in the files given or found via connecting to a Palm
handheld if no files are given, writing each to <pixname>.ppm

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B read-palmpix 
\-p <port> -n <pixname>

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B read-palmpix 
allows a Kodak PalmPix camera user to extract the images from their Palm
handheld device and convert them to Portable Pixmap (.ppm) files on their
system.

.SS OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-p\ \--port\  <port> ,
Use device file 
.I port
to communicate with the Palm handheld device. If this is not specified, will
look for the $PILOTPORT environment variable. If both are not found, will
fall back to /dev/pilot.

.TP
.BI \-h\ \--help\,
Display help synopsis for 
.B read-palmpix

.TP
.BI \-v\ \--version\,
Display version of
.B read-palmpix

.TP
.BI \-l\ --list\,
List picture information found on the device instead of converting them to
image files

.TP
.BI \-n\ \--name\ <pixname>, 
Convert only
.I pixname
to an image file, and output to stdout as a .ppm

.SH USAGE
The program will connect to the target Palm handheld device, and read the
images found in the Kodak PalmPix image database, and allow the user to view
the list of images, or to select one or all of them, and convert them to
Portable Pixmap (.ppm) files to be viewed or printed at the desktop level.
If no options are specified, all of the images on the device will be
converted.

.SH KNOWN BUGS
.B read-palmpix
has no known bugs.

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs at
.I http://bugs.pilot-link.org/

.SH AUTHOR
.B read-palmpix 
was originally written by Angus Ainslie <\fIangusa@deltatee.com\fP>, and updated by John Marshall <\fIjmarshall@acm.org\fP>to
include core pilot-link functionality.
